Restructure the tree in the Test Explorer View (#624)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Add a `View DIL` command on query history items. This opens a text editor containing the Datalog Intermediary Language representation of the compiled query.
- Remove feature flag for the AST Viewer. For more information on how to use the AST Viewer, [see the documentation](https://help.semmle.com/codeql/codeql-for-vscode/procedures/exploring-the-structure-of-your-source-code.html).
- The `codeQL.runningTests.numberOfThreads` setting is now used correctly when running tests.

> - Alter structure of the _Test Explorer_ tree. It now follows the structure of the filesystem instead of the qlpacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alter structure of the _Test Explorer_ tree. It now follows the structure of the filesystem instead of the QL packs.
```

Reviewer 2: Whoops I think this suggestion got omitted.
